readme.md, before:

# Lede

**Lede** is a jQuery plugin that styles an arbitrary leading number of words, creating a professional appearance like those in newspapers and magazines.

Although CSS has [pseudo-elements](http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/selector.html#pseudo-element-selectors) such as [:first-line](http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/selector.html#first-line-pseudo) and [:first-letter](http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/selector.html#first-letter), it continues to lack the ability to select and style an arbitrary number of words from the beginning of a paragraph.

Its name comes from the [lede paragraph](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lead_paragraph) of news articles in the journalism industry.

## Demo

[Please see the demo](http://richardcornish.github.io/jquery-lede/) to see these examples in action.

    // Demo 1: Default options
    $('.article-1').lede();

    // Demo 2: First 10 words
    $('.article-2').lede({ words: 10 });

    // Demo 3: `<span>` with class of `run-in`
    $('.article-3').lede({ classname: 'run-in' });

    // Demo 4: Disable default style
    $('.article-4').lede({ style: false });

## Installation

1. Link to jQuery:

        <script src="/path/to/jquery.min.js"></script>

2. Link to the plugin:

        <script src="/path/to/jquery.lede.min.js"></script>

3. Call the plugin:

        $(document).ready(function(){
            $('article').lede();
        });

## Options

The plugin comes with reasonable default options: Wrap the first four words in `<span class="caps"></span>`. Feel free to customize it with these options:

- `words`

    The number of words to wrap, default of `4`

- `classname`

    The string as the class of the `<span>`, default of `'caps'`

- `style`

    A boolean adding a nifty built-in style, default of `true`

The `style` option is to show that the plugin is working. You should probably have a `.caps` selector style with declarations of your own choosing, but the built-in (faked) small caps style is a reasonable choice as well.

Commit message:

Added Bower to install instructions

readme.md, after:

# Lede

**Lede** is a jQuery plugin that styles an arbitrary leading number of words, creating a professional appearance like those in newspapers and magazines.

Although CSS has [pseudo-elements](http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/selector.html#pseudo-element-selectors) such as [:first-line](http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/selector.html#first-line-pseudo) and [:first-letter](http://www.w3.org/TR/CSS2/selector.html#first-letter), it continues to lack the ability to select and style an arbitrary number of words from the beginning of a paragraph.

Its name comes from the [lede paragraph](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lead_paragraph) of news articles in the journalism industry.

## Demo

[Please see the demo](http://richardcornish.github.io/jquery-lede/) to see these examples in action.

    // Demo 1: Default options
    $('.article-1').lede();

    // Demo 2: First 10 words
    $('.article-2').lede({ words: 10 });

    // Demo 3: `<span>` with class of `run-in`
    $('.article-3').lede({ classname: 'run-in' });

    // Demo 4: Disable default style
    $('.article-4').lede({ style: false });

## Installation

Download and unzip the [ZIP archive file](https://github.com/richardcornish/jquery-lede/archive/master.zip). Alternatively, if you're using the [Bower](http://bower.io/) package manager, you can install via the command line:

`bower install git@github.com:richardcornish/jquery-lede.git`

Then in your HTML:

1. Link to jQuery:

        <script src="/path/to/jquery.min.js"></script>

2. Link to the plugin:

        <script src="/path/to/jquery.lede.min.js"></script>

3. Call the plugin:

        $(document).ready(function(){
            $('article').lede();
        });

## Options

The plugin comes with reasonable default options: Wrap the first four words in `<span class="caps"></span>`. Feel free to customize it with these options:

- `words`

    The number of words to wrap, default of `4`

- `classname`

    The string as the class of the `<span>`, default of `'caps'`

- `style`

    A boolean adding a nifty built-in style, default of `true`

The `style` option is to show that the plugin is working. You should probably have a `.caps` selector style with declarations of your own choosing, but the built-in (faked) small caps style is a reasonable choice as well.
